CC-BY-NC-SA.md, before:

The share-alike portion of this license further refers to the code itself, that must be shared (eg. in a similar fashion to how the GPL works).

Projects that I license under this, will often come with a "license" you can purchase, to use the program. This does not grant you any additional permissions, remove any constraints, etc. functionally you have the same ability as  before
However, the period before can be considered a "trial" period, wherein it lasts forever, and has full functionality, and hence by purchasing the "license" you can now use the program after finding you like it.

If this does seem like a round-about way to describe the word "donation", it is effectively the same, however the word donation implies that the donation is done out of good will, and not an exchange of value. Hence, I instead use the word "license", and establish a set cost, to clearly delineate that this is an exchange of value, and is expected if you use the program.

Many programs I license under this, will sometimes notify you when using them if you do not have a license (as to purchase one). These programs will have two bool switches, one that disables that message, and one that you can enable if you have purchased a license (although there is nothing stopping you from enabling it even if you have not, it is just a bool, with no verification). These both disable the message, with the former existing so you can disable the message but still remember that you have not purchased a license, so you can purchase one in future.

Purchasing the license essentially grants you the ability to morally enable the licensed option - it is not monitored / verified etc., it only exists as a bool.

The reason that I am able to sell "licenses" (the ability to morally use the program), ie. a commerical usage, is because I hold full copyrights to the program (as I wrote the program), and hence I am able to use these rights. However, for parts that others do contribute, a CLA must be signed to confer these rights upon to me. The morality of this is questionable, however seeing as I will write & maintain the vast majority of the program, as like many other "open source" developers do, it is a necessary evil.

I do understand that this license is not open source by the OSI's definition, but the moniker does not matter much to me, as I do not believe others should be able to commerically sell projects I make, as they have not put any effort towards it and therefore it is untoward to allow the possibility for that to occur.

The reason I chose a general license instead of making a custom license, is that it allows forks to be unattached to the source, which would be difficult with a custom license. Note that I do not consider donations (ie. money given with no compensation) to be a commerical use case, and hence is valid under this non-commerical license.

Commit message:

Clarify CC-BY-NC-SA when there is no involved 'purchaseable license'

CC-BY-NC-SA.md, after:

The share-alike portion of this license further refers to the code itself, that must be shared (eg. in a similar fashion to how the GPL works).  

I will often use the term purchase rather than donation to imply an exchange of value, accounting for the value you have received from the program, however it logically works the same as the word donation. I prefer purchase as it reinforces that value exchange idea, and sets an expectation to contribute however you will if you are able to do so and like the program.

Projects that I license under this, will often come with a "license" you can purchase, to use the program. If it does not, then feel free to stop reading as they will either have it at the start or never (there is no bait and switch). This does not grant you any additional permissions, remove any constraints, etc. functionally you have the same ability as  before
However, the period before can be considered a "trial" period, wherein it lasts forever, and has full functionality, and hence by purchasing the "license" you can now use the program after finding you like it.

If this does seem like a round-about way to describe the word "donation", it is effectively the same, however the word donation implies that the donation is done out of good will, and not an exchange of value. Hence, I instead use the word "license", and establish a set cost, to clearly delineate that this is an exchange of value, and is expected if you use the program.

Many programs I license under this, will sometimes notify you when using them if you do not have a license (as to purchase one). These programs will have two bool switches, one that disables that message, and one that you can enable if you have purchased a license (although there is nothing stopping you from enabling it even if you have not, it is just a bool, with no verification). These both disable the message, with the former existing so you can disable the message but still remember that you have not purchased a license, so you can purchase one in future.

Purchasing the license essentially grants you the ability to morally enable the licensed option - it is not monitored / verified etc., it only exists as a bool.

The reason that I am able to sell "licenses" (the ability to morally use the program), ie. a commerical usage, is because I hold full copyrights to the program (as I wrote the program), and hence I am able to use these rights. However, for parts that others do contribute, a CLA must be signed to confer these rights upon to me. The morality of this is questionable, however seeing as I will write & maintain the vast majority of the program, as like many other "open source" developers do, it is a necessary evil.

I do understand that this license is not open source by the OSI's definition, but the moniker does not matter much to me, as I do not believe others should be able to commerically sell projects I make, as they have not put any effort towards it and therefore it is untoward to allow the possibility for that to occur.

The reason I chose a general license instead of making a custom license, is that it allows forks to be unattached to the source, which would be difficult with a custom license. Note that I do not consider donations (ie. money given with no compensation) to be a commerical use case, and hence is valid under this non-commerical license.
